[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're at an undisclosed
location with Tim.
Tim is a tactical advisor in
the covert governance in Germany
who analyzes and suggests
various strategies
in relation to extraterrestrial
groups and contact with Earth.
Tim, welcome to the show.
>>TIM: It's good to be here.
>>EMERY: In a previous episode,
you mentioned the First Order.
Can you elaborate on that?
>>TIM: Sure.
So the First Order
is the original name
that the Greys gave themselves.
At least, it's the
best translation
I could come up with
because it describes
how they see themselves
as preserving
the order of the universe.
And it's also describing
the mission they have,
which was pretty
important to find out
about because what
they are doing
is to collect certain
warrior type species
and to bring them under one,
you know, hat, so to speak,
in order to fix the
possible problems that
can come up and occur
with warrior type species.
>>EMERY: Where did
that name come from?
>>TIM: Naturally, it was
important to find out how they
refer to themselves because, at
least in human understanding,
the word, you know,
[NON-ENGLISH]..
It means the word is how we
put ourselves out in the world.
And that was a challenge to find
out how they call themselves.
And we don't have a actual
translation to that,
and even the translation
from the German word,
die erste Ordnung, which
means the First Order.
And it describes the
way they see themselves.
>>EMERY: Now, that word's
still used today, correct?
>>TIM: I suggest that this
word is still used today.
So it's a translation
that I came up
with in behalf of what
they refer to themselves.
And the hieroglyphs they use
have a lot of content which
might differ a little bit
to the world humans live in
and the way humans culturally
think of the world.
So it's pretty important to
find out all about the details.
And order is
something that means
to overcome a chaotic system
or chaotic status, which
means to lower the entropy.
Entropy is something in
physics which describes
the universe becoming chaotic.
And this is something that is
within the natural occurrence
of the universe.
The first means that
they see themselves
as the first manifestation
on that line.
They are the first ones to try
to preserve the natural order
and harmony of the universe.
And that's in line
with their attention
to keep the tonal
dynamics of everyone
evolving in the universe.
>>EMERY: You'd
mentioned one time
that the Greys had an
administrative mission
throughout the universe.
What could you
tell us about that?
>>TIM: Well, the Greys are
working for different species
while getting something
back in return.
So one thing
they're very good at
is to find solutions
for problems,
for example, because they are
a very intelligent and mental
species.
And what they do
is offer their help
for planets and star systems
in order to manage things.
And I think that,
because the Greys have
some kind of genetic
influence on humans
and human people tend to
manage a lot of their stuff
in the world, that this
can come from them.
This is just my theory because
I see some resemblance there.
And this is what
the Greys are doing.
They offer their
help to planets.
And the way they
help is in relation
to what problems and what
challenges these systems have.
>>EMERY: This
hierarchical system
seems very similar to what
we deal with here on Earth.
Did that come from the Greys?
>>TIM: Interesting.
I think, personally, that there
is some kind of influence.
So human people have not
always been linked to elites.
In the beginning, they were
more tribalistic and more open
and had flatter hierarchies.
And the Grey system is
working as a pyramid scheme,
from top down.
So this is something that
we find on this Earth,
as well as some
links to economics,
as I already mentioned.
And I pretty much
think that this
is something that
is, so to speak,
in the genes of the humans.
>>EMERY: Do you think that
influence is from the Greys?
And will that benefit us,
or will it benefit them?
>>TIM: To my analysis,
I think that cooperation
and small hierarchies
is something
that the universe
benefits more of.
It's better for everyone
in order to grow naturally
and to treat everyone with
the same respect and worth,
and to orient the mission
upon the individual skills
that everyone has.
And there are species that
are very good at that.
They only analyze the
individual skills,
and then put those
into place so that they
can benefit from that.
But you can also see that
an authoritarian system
is something that accelerates
the speed a species can evolve.
>>EMERY: Are there other
extraterrestrial races
that are also trying
to influence humanity?
And in what way?
>>TIM: When you see that
there are groups on Earth that
want to give direction to the
way the system is structured
and the way the species
as a whole is evolving,
and when you see that there are
outside forces that also want
to put their
influence upon Earth,
then everyone will
realize that this is not
a productive system anymore.
It's not a cohesive
way in one direction.
And in many ways,
it blocks itself.
So what people are
dealing with right now
is a so-called
lose-lose situation,
which means that, by this ego,
struggling, dualistic thing
of pushing and pulling
the evolution of Earth
in one direction and
another direction,
it slows down the
evolution of humanity.
And as it's been said, there are
species that benefit from that.
>>EMERY: Well, you mentioned
this warrior type of species.
How does that play
into the First Order?
>>TIM: So there are warrior
type species in the universe
and there are
non-warrior type species,
which means peaceful and
harmonious species that
do not develop a sense of war.
Actually, the majority
of species out there
are peaceful and harmonious,
mostly because they
don't see that the struggle
is worth the effort,
and it's destructive.
Some are spiritually so evolved
that they know we're all one,
and it's good to
maintain and to focus
your energies on maintaining
a harmonious level of energy.
But there are also
some species--
and we're talking about
this 95/5% ratio--
where we have
warrior type species.
And in some way or another,
the warrior type species
are important to the plan
and to the overall evolution
of the universe because
harmonious species do not
develop a defensive mechanism.
And they also haven't
got this force
that is sometimes needed to
move into a certain direction.
As we've already said,
there's no good, no bad.
So they accept that.
They deal with it,
and they are helpful
and try to make the garden
look as good as possible.
And that is great.
That is really great.
But what happens if there is
somebody entering the garden
and picking up flowers
and destroying everything?
>>EMERY: Right.
Does that create a conflict
amongst these competing
extraterrestrial beings?
And in what way?
>>TIM: It does because
what the Greys said
and what they are convinced of
is that everyone has the choice
to become part of this
warrior type species or not.
And there are clearly
individuals that
want to make that experience.
It's the same emotional
factor to the brain that
makes people play video games.
And in a way, that's
what the universe
wants to experience sometimes.
Most of the species
agree upon one thing,
that when that is played out,
at some point of the universe,
people get bored from that.
You cannot play something all
the time and not get bored
of it.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>TIM: So there's
only one chance
to get rid of this warrior
gene that is in some types.
And this is to let it happen.
Let it play out
until it gets boring.
And then the universe can go
on with its own evolution.
This or realizing that
self-destructive behavior
is self-destructive, and
so it's not productive.
>>EMERY: Right.
There is a concept
out there that,
if you are an advanced
being, that you are not
a warrior type being.
Explain that.
>>TIM: I've read that.
I've heard some people recently
talk about there cannot be
a threat because some
beings are very advanced
in their evolution.
But here's the thing.
Very less species tend
towards very self-destructive,
aggressive behaviorism.
That means they
will come to a point
where they either destroy
themselves or destroy
the timeline they're
on and need to go back.
But we're still at the phase
where things figure themselves
out.
>>EMERY: Do you trust
the warrior type species?
>>TIM: Not all of them.
You see, trust is
defined as something
that needs experiences.
And we see that
some warrior type
species can go into a very
harmful and wrongful direction.
And this happens a
lot if you do not
commit yourself to be like a
light warrior or something.
If you're not having an
ethical and moral center,
then things tend to go
in the wrong direction.
>>EMERY: Are they stepping
on each other's toes
when this happens?
>>TIM: It does.
I see and I understand the
point that the universe offers
this experience to
some individuals that
want to experience that, and it
somehow needs to be played out.
But then again, the
commitment to order
is something that needs to come
from an ethical, moral centered
standpoint and
from the intellect,
whereas being grateful and
harmonious and open and loving
is something that
comes from your heart.
>>EMERY: Right.
And that's different from
dimension to dimension,
too, isn't it?
>>TIM: It's not so much about--
>>EMERY: Because
in the 3D, when you
say, as you explained earlier,
that when we have conflicts,
we just go to war.
And then being a higher advanced
being, and a light being,
it's not the same.
>>TIM: So this is a phenomenon
that occurs especially
in level three and level
four consciousness,
which both deal with the
dualistic perspective
on the world, which means
there's an I, there's an I.
And if we compete about
something, then, well,
striving for it, fighting
for it, arguing about it
is something that occurs
very, very, very often.
>>EMERY: People have this
vision and this thought process
that, if you're an advanced
being, why would you go to war
or have any conflicts
with Earth or anyone?
>>TIM: I've recently
read about people
arguing that when there are so
many advanced beings out there,
why should they
behave badly or get
in conflict with each other.
And there is some truth
to that because, see,
the more spiritually
advanced a species become,
it will tend to see
everything as one,
and tend towards a
harmonious lifestyle.
But especially as long
as there are problems
that are still
unsolved, there needs
to be some counterpart to that.
So peace is just
as good, as long
as somebody
preserves that peace.
If you have this beautiful
garden and everybody
is stepping over
your roses, then you
don't have joy for long.
And that is why there
are some warrior type
species that preserve that.
If you're thinking
about all these stories
about light warriors,
they do have a mission.
They are necessary as long as
the universe and this realm
of reality deals with
dualistic processes
and still has different agendas.
And it's true that the higher
the frequency of a being, when
we're talking about
inter-frequential beings,
they tend to be very
harmonious and peaceful.
They developed across that.
>>EMERY: But what
about a developed,
advanced warrior species?
>>TIM: Good question.
Advanced warrior
type species will
deal with the
problem of stability,
which means you need to
have a stable system.
You cannot go and have
self-destructive behavior
unless the species will be
oriented towards a failed
timeline.
So advanced warrior
type species need
to intellectualize the necessity
for an ethical and moral
standpoint.
>>EMERY: Do they have their
own protocol for that,
if they are going to
engage, that no one
else gets attacked or hurt?
>>TIM: Yeah.
In this phase of
the universe, there
are lots and lots of agendas.
Every individual, every
group, every species,
every collective,
every star system,
they all have their own agendas.
It's like the universe
tries to figure out
what's the correct way
where to go, you know?
And this is where the so-called
First Order comes into play
because they have
this mission and idea
to unify all warrior
type species,
to find a common sense
and mutual way of behaving
and then put some
roots to it in order
to have a beneficial and
productive way of playing
this warrior type
experience out.
>>EMERY: Does the
order have many species
involved with this?
>>TIM: Yes.
So the First Order is after
every potential warrior
type being in the
universe because that's
when they succeed.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>TIM: You see there
are, unfortunately,
still forces that have developed
self-destructive and bad
habits.
But it's very easy for
them to stick to that.
And somebody needs
to polarize that
or to bring that into balance.
>>EMERY: Because it's just
business as usual for them.
>>TIM: Well, correct.
If they want to preserve
their own status
and not get
destabilized, they need
to force their will
upon others, which
will end in
destructive behavior,
and is destructive behavior,
but it will take some time.
So what they do is
they try to play time
to preserve their negative and
self-destructive behavior as
long as they can in
order to not change.
This is something--
>>EMERY: Sounds familiar.
Sounds like Earth, in a way.
>>TIM: True.
I mean, every individual
can relate to that
when somebody has, I don't
know, eaten the wrong things
and they see that it's
not good for the body.
You can observe that
humans go on with it
until there's a catalyst.
>>EMERY: Yeah.
>>TIM: And then,
it's so dramatic
that they need to change.
But I mean, we are
intelligent energy
and we can be responsible
for our choices.
So that is when we choose
for the right side.
>>EMERY: Is there a police
force inside the order?
>>TIM: So what we know is that
the Greys have this mission
to administer the whole
structure of the auras.
Their mission to bring
everyone together
and to structure
all the species that
fall within the First Order.
There's naturally nothing
above this First Order,
so nobody is controlling
the First Order
than the First Order.
That's why they call
them First Order.
But if you're talking about the
police execution force inside
of the First Order--
and we have many,
many species and warrior type
species that are combined under
this consortium
or this alliance--
then yes, everyone
that takes the favor
of the Greys and
the technologies
and get into contract with what
the Greys offer and the First
Order offers commits
to a certain set
of rules and regulations.
So everyone can basically have
their own way of doing things,
as long as those regulations
are carried out and respected,
which means the free will
needs to be preserved,
the tonal dynamics, which means
the way an individual wants
to behave, needs
to be preserved.
And these are basically
the rules and regulations
that come with being
member of this First Order.
And we're going to talk about
the law of the First Order
versus the cosmic law
in another episode.
>>EMERY: Is the rules and
regulations ever broken?
You know, what happens?
>>TIM: For sure.
So there are many cases
where warrior type species
become part of the First
Order and then just take
away the benefits
and do not want
to commit to the overall
mission and plan.
And this is what happens
when warrior type
beings get into conflict.
And then, yeah.
>>EMERY: Do you see that
happening here on Earth?
>>TIM: I actually do.
I think that the Earth, as
a warrior type species that
has certain contracts
with the Greys,
is obliged to fulfill certain
rules and regulations.
And the time is
running, and things
need to be administered
in certain ways
in order to have a mutual
benefit for everyone.
>>EMERY: Where do you see
humanity as we move forward
in relation to the First Order?
>>TIM: I can only assume.
First of all, I think that
the harmful installation that
has terrorized
Earth for thousands
and thousands of years is going
to be removed in order to come
back to a place where
everyone can evolve constantly
and successfully
because everyone
has made the experience,
I guess, on this planet
that developing spiritually and
constantly in a positive way
is something that is
made really, really hard.
And we're going to talk about
that in another episode.
But reality is
shifting more and more.
More and more people
will come forward
and tell about
their relationships
to extraterrestrials.
We will also see
extraterrestrials
on this planet as we
proceed in this progress.
So seeing all this and
having opportunities
to evolve in different
ways and individually
is something that is
coming up quite quickly.
And I think it's really
an individual process.
So every one of us is
responsible for writing
the right timeline and
giving the right energy
into the system.
And when we have that, we
will also shift the planet
and have a different
reality here.
>>EMERY: Tim, thank you so
much for being on the show.
It's always a pleasure.
>>TIM: Thank you
very much, Emery.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
>> Next on "Cosmic Disclosure."
>>EMERY: Tim, what or who
maintains and oversees
these laws?
>>TIM: Cosmic law
is a natural force,
and describes the natural
dynamics of the universe.
All other laws we're talking
about are artificial laws.
When we're talking about
the law of the First Order,
this is something
that does not apply
to every part of the
universe, although this
is the mission of the
Greys, to establish that.
But it only applies to those who
are in contract with the Greys.
[MUSIC PLAYING]